1.Once you open the demo page, after scrolling down to video section you will see chatbox layout beside the video outlay.

2.Comments from different account holders will be already preloaded in the chat section.You can view comments without 
logging into your account.
  
3.There will be a dropdown menu on the top left side of chatbox outlay. It will contain four options :-
	a)Chat-(default)
	b)Notes
	c)LogIn
	d)SignUp
	e)Profile(After login)
4.You can create a user account by clicking on the SignUp optaion in the dropdown menu and submitting it after filling the 
necessary information indicated in the layout form.

5.You can also log into your pre-existing account by clicking on the Login option in the dropdown menu and filling the 
necessary details henceforth.

6.Chat section holds comments from different user and notes section is personal to every user hence can only be seen by the
 user.

7.You can access chat(or notes) section(s) by two ways:
	a)Dropdown menu
	b)Side buttons at right side of chatbox
8.In the chat section, each comment will have 5 types of information indicated:
	a)Username(top left corner)
	b)Timestamp(top right corner) ie. the point of time in the video the comment was made.
	c)Comment string
	d)Comment Insight(bottom right corner) ie. nature of comment by the image 
	e)Replies to the particular comment which can accessed by clicking on the reply button below comment insight image.

9.You cannot comment or reply to any comment without logging into your account.

10.Entire comment tree can be viewed by two ways:
	a)Timestamp: comments loaded according the current time of the video.
	b)Newest: comments loaded according to the order in which they were made.
	 
11.Notes section is almost similar to chat section with one key differnce that since it is personal to every user so notes
 section will be unique to every user. You can also download your notes by clicking on the download button at the end of your notes section.

12.In the video section there will be a bar graph shown in the bottom side the video. This is obtained by dividing the 
entire video thread to 20 sub divisions and measuring the no of comments in each sub division.The colour of bars is dicided
by most dominant type of commnet insight in that sub division.

13.While video is playing, if timestamp option is selected, then the comments(or notes) will be shown according to current
 time of the video by auto scrolling.

14.You can view the comments of particular subdivion of the video thread by clicking on the corresponding bar in the graph.
 They will autoscrolled into view and highlighted.

15.You can drag the chatbox by clicking and dragging at "DragArea" section at the top the chatbox.

16.You can view your profile after logging into your account.The profile contains your username, your real name(only 
visible to you), your account id and your role.

17.Survey while signing up is the prevideo survey and the survey while logging out is the post video survey. Both the 
surveys is the key for data collection for analysis.  